Welcome back everyone to this-
>> New lesson.
>> New lesson of this module.
Our goal for this lesson is to relate
VoIP to the DragonBoard 410C, so to say.
>> We'll be introducing you to
the app we've been talking about.
>> Linphone.
>> DVS lessons.
>> For instance, say you didn't want
to build our application later on in
this course, which we're gonna do, we're
gonna build a little Android application.
You're gonna get to see
some VoIP stuff going on.
Say, you just wanted to
download a VoIP application and
communicate with your friends?
We're gonna walk you through that process,
so let's just check this out.
What is Linphone?
We talked to you a little bit
about this VoIP application,
we've been jittering about.
Talked to you about some of its features.
>> Then afterwards, we're gonna show
you how to set it up, download it,
register your accounts or
account maybe, and
type walk you through
what Linphone looks like.
>> Its essentials.
This an almost a supplemental lesson.
>> Little show and tell, maybe.
>> A little show and tell.
Hopefully, get you familiarized
with VoIP on another level,
a very simple application base level that
you can just go access it right away.
Find out if the audio on
your board is working.
Find out if everything's
functioning properly.
>> See if you can make a phone call.
This is something you should actually
probably just do anyways to test out your
board using the VoIP services
of a well known application.
>> Mm-hm.
>> Stay tuned,
we'll walk you through all those steps.